docs: add docs for pipeline version 2 (#1855)
GreptimeTeam/docs: docs/user-guide/logs/pipeline-config.md

You only set necessary fields in the transform section, specifying particular datatype and index for them; the rest of the fields from the pipeline context are set automatically by the pipeline engine.
With the `select` processor, you can decide what field is wanted and what isn't in the final table.

However, this is a breaking change to the existing pipeline configuration files.
If you has already used pipeline with `dissect` or `regex` processors, after upgrading the database, the original message string, which is still in the pipeline context, gets immediately inserted into the database and there's no way to stop this behavior.

Therefore, GreptimeDB introduces the concept of doc version to decide which transform mode you want to use, just like the version in a Docker Compose file. Here is an example:
```YAML
version: 2
processors:
  - date:
    field: input_str
    formats:
      - "%Y-%m-%dT%H:%M:%S%.3fZ"

transform:
  - field: input_str, ts
    type: time
```

Simply add a `version: 2` line at the top of the config file, and the pipeline engine will run the transform in combined mode:

> 1. Process all written transform rules sequentially. The corresponding field is removed from the pipeline context once the transform rule is executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Process all written transform rules sequentially.
```

> 2. Set the remaining fields of the pipeline context to the final table.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Write all fields of the pipeline context to the final table.
```
